adding mmz sepolia key handover task (#271)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-ops: tasks/sep/mmz-002-key-handover/VALIDATION.md

# Validation

> This document can be used to validate the state diff resulting from the execution of s

Reviewer: cuts off here

### `0xE75Cd021F520B160BF6b54D472Fa15e52aFe5aDD` (The current `ProxyAdmin` owner Safe for Mode, Metal, and Zora)

Links:
- [Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xE75Cd021F520B160BF6b54D472Fa15e52aFe5aDD)

Enables the simulation by setting the threshold to 1:

- **Key:** `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004` <br/>
  **Value:** `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001`

## State Changes

**Notes:**
- Check the provided links to ensure that the correct contract is described at the correct address.

### `0xE17071F4C216Eb189437fbDBCc16Bb79c4efD9c2` (Zora's `ProxyAdmin`)

Links:
- [Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xE17071F4C216Eb189437fbDBCc16Bb79c4efD9c2)
- [Superchain Registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/0fb0dcbefc50882f1bb02fafcb27f47b463875c9/superchain/configs/sepolia/zora.toml#L43)

State Changes:
- **Key:** `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` <br/>
  **Before:** `0x000000000000000000000000e75cd021f520b160bf6b54d472fa15e52afe5add` <br/>
  **After:** `0x0000000000000000000000001eb2ffc903729a0f03966b917003800b145f56e2` <br/>

>   **Meaning:** The `ProxyAdmin` owner has been transfered to be the same as OP Sepolia. The correctness of this slot is attested to in the Optimism monorepo at [storageLayout/ProxyAdmin.json](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/e6ef3a900c42c8722e72c2e2314027f85d12ced5/packages/contracts-bedrock/snapshots/storageLayout/ProxyAdmin.json#L3-L8).

Reviewer: A few things about this line: 
1. I'd add a link to the Superchain Registry showing that the after value is the OP ProxyAdminOwner
2. The storage layout link should use the earliest release tag that contains these storage layouts (ideally it'd be [bedrock](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/releases/tag/op-contracts%2fv1.0.0), but it doesn't have them).

Author: 1. Makes sense, will add.
2. It looks like its available for the [ProxyAdmin storage layout](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/a12a09f7000ff785a4058998e09b366cbe5a3ed2/packages/contracts-bedrock/.storage-layout#L213). Can you explain why we'd use Bedrock instead of the current L1 contract version they're on?

Reviewer: 2. just because that's when the `ProxyAdmin` was last 'released' (even though I notice that it isn't listed in the release notes).

### `0xE7413127F29E050Df65ac3FC9335F85bB10091AE` (Mode's `ProxyAdmin`)

Links:
- [Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xE7413127F29E050Df65ac3FC9335F85bB10091AE)
- [Superchain Registry](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/0fb0dcbefc50882f1bb02fafcb27f47b463875c9/superchain/configs/sepolia/mode.toml#L43)

State Changes:
- **Key:** `0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000` <br/>
  **Before:** `0x000000000000000000000000e75cd021f520b160bf6b54d472fa15e52afe5add` <br/>
  **After:** `0x0000000000000000000000001eb2ffc903729a0f03966b917003800b145f56e2` <br/>

>   **Meaning:** The `ProxyAdmin` owner has been transfered to be the same as [OP Sepolia](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/0fb0dcbefc50882f1bb02fafcb27f47b463875c9/superchain/configs/sepolia/op.toml#L50). The correctness of this slot is attested to in the Optimism monorepo at [storageLayout/ProxyAdmin.json](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/a12a09f7000ff785a4058998e09b366cbe5a3ed2/packages/contracts-bedrock/.storage-layout#L213).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Meaning:** The `ProxyAdmin` owner has been transfrered to be the same as [OP Sepolia](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry/blob/0fb0dcbefc50882f1bb02fafcb27f47b463875c9/superchain/configs/sepolia/op.toml#L50). The correctness of this slot is attested to in the Optimism monorepo at [storageLayout/ProxyAdmin.json](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/op-contracts/v1.0.0/packages/contracts-bedrock/.storage-layout#L213).
```
